Added docs for ip command (#25737)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/systemmonitor.markdown

## Linux specific

To retrieve all available network interfaces on a Linux System, execute the

> `ifconfig` or `ip` command. The command differ based on your operation systm and version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ifconfig` or `ip` command. The command differs based on your operation system and version.
```
